Add budget process (#217)
yearn/yearn-devdocs: docs/contributing/operations/budget.md

# Budget

Yearn works with project-based budget requests, which focus on transparency and accountability. This system is in constant evolution, feedbacks are welcome!

Budget requests are approved by the yBudget team and require a 3/5 consensus

The team recommendations to make requests are:

> - When coordinating efforts with more people, apply a team (not as separate individuals)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When coordinating efforts with others, apply as a team (not as separate individuals)
```
